<<CAND>>[e2e.new.base]
the vaults is a kid friendly japanese pub near rainbow vegetarian café in the city centre . it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and a price range of £ 20 - 25 .
the vaults is a family friendly indian restaurant near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
the cricketers is a chinese restaurant near all bar one in the city centre . it has a low customer rating and is family friendly . the price range is less than £ 20 .
the cricketers is a chinese restaurant near all bar one . it has an average customer rating and is not family friendly .
the phoenix is a high priced fast food restaurant in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it is child friendly .
the vaults is a pub providing japanese food in the less than £ 20 price range . it is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix is a 5 out of 5 rated french pub in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel .
the wrestlers is a family friendly italian pub with moderate pricing .
the vaults is a japanese pub near raja indian cuisine in riverside . it has a high customer rating and a price range of £ 20 - 25 . it is not kid friendly .
the cricketers is a coffee shop near café sicilia . it has an average customer rating and is not family - friendly .
the vaults is a kid friendly pub serving moderately priced italian food in the city centre with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the phoenix is a moderately priced , kid friendly pub in the riverside area near café sicilia . it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
the blue spice is a family friendly pub near the rainbow vegetarian café . it serves english food in the higher price range .
the punter is a children friendly english restaurant near raja indian cuisine in riverside . it has a high price range .
the phoenix is a french pub near café sicilia in riverside . it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is not kid friendly .
the punter is a chinese pub near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . it is kid friendly and has a moderate price range .
the mill is a cheap english restaurant near café rouge in the city centre . it has a low customer rating .
the phoenix is a cheap pub located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it is not family friendly .
the mill is a high priced family friendly restaurant near café rouge . it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
the mill is a moderately priced , kid friendly fast food pub near café sicilia in riverside .
the punter is a cheap italian restaurant near rainbow vegetarian café in riverside . it is not family - friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
the phoenix is a cheap , family friendly fast food pub in riverside near raja indian cuisine .
the cricketers is a chinese restaurant located in the city centre near all bar one . it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is cheap .
the phoenix is a high priced fast food restaurant near raja indian cuisine . it is not children friendly .
the punter is a restaurant providing indian food it is located in the city centre . it is near express by holiday inn .
green man is a japanese restaurant near express by holiday inn in the city centre . it has a price range of less than £ 20 and is not family - friendly .
the wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
the punter is an english pub near raja indian cuisine in the city centre .
the mill is a moderately priced english restaurant near café rouge in the city centre . it is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range . it is near all bar one . its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
giraffe is a non - family - friendly restaurant near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area .
the phoenix is a fast food pub near café sicilia in riverside . it has a high customer rating and a price range of more than £ 30 . it is not children friendly .
the vaults is a pub located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it has a low customer rating and a price range of less than £ 20 .
the punter is a moderately priced indian restaurant in the city centre near express by holiday inn . it is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
the phoenix is a family friendly restaurant located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a kid friendly japanese restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . it is a pub with a price range of £ 20 - 25 and is located in the riverside area .
the cricketers is an english restaurant near café rouge .
the mill is a moderately priced family friendly restaurant in the city centre near café rouge . it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the waterman is a pub providing indian food in the more than £ 30 price range . it is located in the riverside is near raja indian cuisine .
the cricketers is a chinese restaurant near all bar one in the riverside area . it is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the phoenix is a french pub near the crowne plaza hotel in the city centre . it is not family - friendly .
the plough is a cheap chinese pub near raja indian cuisine in riverside .
the waterman is a high priced italian pub near raja indian cuisine . it is not children friendly .
the phoenix is a french pub near the crowne plaza hotel in the riverside area . it is not children friendly and has a price range of more than £ 30 .
the cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop near café sicilia . it has an average customer rating .
the phoenix is a one star rated expensive pub near the crowne plaza hotel in the riverside area .
the cricketers is a chinese restaurant near all bar one in the city centre . it has a moderate price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . it is not kid friendly .
the phoenix is a restaurant providing indian food in the £ 20 - 25 price range . it is located in the riverside area near the crowne plaza hotel and is not kid friendly .
the punter is a restaurant providing indian food in the £ 20 - £ 25 price range . it is located in the riverside area near express by holiday inn . it has an average customer rating and is not family friendly .
cocum is a low rated coffee shop near café sicilia .
the mill is a kid friendly fast food pub near café sicilia in the city centre . it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
the waterman is a moderately priced indian restaurant in the city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix is a riverside fast food restaurant near raja indian cuisine .
the mill is a cheap english restaurant in riverside near raja indian cuisine . it is not family - friendly .
wildwood is a french pub near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
the wrestlers is a moderately priced , kid friendly pub in the city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the mill is a high priced pub near café sicilia .
the punter is a children friendly indian restaurant near express by holiday inn in riverside . it has a high price range and an average customer rating .
the phoenix is a french pub near the crowne plaza hotel . it has a high customer rating and is not kid friendly .
the mill is a moderately priced fast food restaurant in riverside near café sicilia . it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the punter is a restaurant providing indian food in the moderate price range . it is located in the city centre near express by holiday inn . its customer rating is 3 out of 5 .
the phoenix is a restaurant providing indian food in the £ 20 - 25 price range . it is located in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel . its customer rating is high .
the phoenix is a coffee shop that is located in city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix is a cheap family friendly fast food restaurant in riverside near raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix is a pub providing french food in the less than £ 20 price range . it is located in the riverside area near crowne plaza hotel .
the wrestlers is a cheap family friendly japanese restaurant in riverside near raja indian cuisine .
the mill is a moderately priced , kid friendly english restaurant near café rouge in the riverside area . it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
the vaults is a french coffee shop near raja indian cuisine in riverside . it is children friendly and costs more than £ 30 .
the mill is a children friendly english restaurant in riverside near café rouge . it has a high price range and an average customer rating .
blue spice is a higher priced chinese restaurant near rainbow vegetarian café in the city centre .
the mill is a children friendly pub near café sicilia in the city centre . it has a high price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the phoenix is a cheap restaurant located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it is not family friendly .
giraffe is a family - friendly fast food restaurant near rainbow vegetarian café in the city centre .
the waterman is a family - friendly italian pub near raja indian cuisine in the city centre .
the punter is a chinese pub near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . it is not family friendly and has a price range of less than £ 20 .
green man is a pub near all bar one . it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the vaults is a children friendly italian pub in riverside with a high price range and an average customer rating .
the waterman is a restaurant providing italian food in the £ 20 - 25 price range . it is located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .
the punter is near express by holiday inn in the riverside area . it is not kid friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
the phoenix is a cheap fast food restaurant in riverside near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a family friendly pub near rainbow vegetarian café with an average customer rating .
the vaults is a children friendly japanese pub near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . it has a high price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
the phoenix is a cheap indian restaurant in the city centre near the crowne plaza hotel . it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is not family friendly .
the cricketers is a coffee shop near avalon with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the punter is a restaurant providing indian food in the less than £ 20 price range . it is located near express by holiday inn in the riverside .
the plough is a chinese restaurant near raja indian cuisine in the city centre .
green man is a family friendly restaurant near express by holiday inn .
the waterman is a children friendly indian restaurant in riverside near raja indian cuisine . it has a high price range .
the punter is a chinese pub near raja indian cuisine . it is not family friendly .
the vaults is a french restaurant near raja indian cuisine in riverside . it is not family - friendly .
the phoenix is a french pub near crowne plaza hotel in riverside .
the vaults is a kid friendly japanese pub near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area . it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and a price range of £ 20 - 25 .
the punter is a chinese restaurant with a moderate price range . it is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine and is not kid friendly .
the vaults is a restaurant providing indian food in the more than £ 30 price range . it is near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a family friendly italian pub near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area . it has a low price range and a low customer rating .
blue spice is a high end restaurant near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area . it is not family - friendly .
the phoenix is a cheap pub located on the river in the city centre near the crowne plaza hotel . it has an average customer rating .
the mill is a moderately priced kid friendly restaurant in riverside near raja indian cuisine .
the punter is a high priced english restaurant near raja indian cuisine in riverside . it is not children friendly .
the punter is a high priced italian pub near rainbow vegetarian café in the city centre . it is not children friendly and has an average customer rating .

<<CAND>>[e2e.new.hmm]
the vaults is a kid friendly japanese pub with a price range of £ 20 - 25 and a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . it is located in the city centre near rainbow vegetarian café .
the vaults is a restaurant that serves indian food in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . it is child friendly
the cricketers is a chinese restaurant with a price range of less than £ 20 . it has a low customer rating and is family friendly near all bar one in the city centre .
the cricketers is a chinese restaurant located near all bar one . it has an average customer rating and is not family friendly .
the phoenix is a fast food restaurant in the high price range . it is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine and is child friendly .
the vaults is a pub providing japanese food in the less than £ 20 price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix is a pub providing french food it is located in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel . its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
the wrestlers is a family friendly pub that serves italian food .
the vaults is a japanese pub with a price range of £ 20 - 25 and a high customer rating in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . it is not kids friendly .
the cricketers is a three star coffee shop near café sicilia . it is not family friendly .
the phoenix is a kid friendly pub located in riverside near café sicilia with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . it has a moderate price range .
blue spice is a family friendly pub serving english food near the rainbow vegetarian café .
the punter is a restaurant providing english food in the high price range . it is located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine and is children friendly .
the phoenix is a non - family - friendly pub serving french food in the riverside area near café sicilia . it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
the punter is a pub providing chinese food in the moderate price range . it is located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine and is kids friendly .
the mill is a restaurant providing english food in the low price range . it is located in the city centre near café rouge . its customer rating is low .
the phoenix is a non family friendly pub with a price range of less than £ 20 . it is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the mill is a family friendly restaurant located near café rouge with a high price range and a high customer rating .
the mill is a kid friendly fast food pub with a moderate price range . it is located in the riverside area near café sicilia .
the punter is an italian restaurant with a cheap price range and a customer rating of 5 out of 5 near rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area . it is not family - friendly .
the phoenix is a pub providing fast food in the less than £ 20 price range . it is located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine and is family friendly .
the cricketers is a restaurant providing chinese food in the cheap price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near all bar one . its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
the phoenix is a non - children friendly fast food restaurant located near raja indian cuisine . it has a high price range .
the punter is a restaurant providing indian food it is located in the city centre near express by holiday inn .
green man is a japanese restaurant located in the city centre near express by holiday inn . it is not family - friendly
the wrestlers is a family friendly indian restaurant in the riverside area . it is near raja indian cuisine .
the punter is a pub providing english food . it is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the mill is a moderately priced english restaurant that has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . it is located in the city centre near café rouge and is kid friendly .
the cricketers is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near all bar one . its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
giraffe is a non - family - friendly restaurant located near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area .
the phoenix is a fast food pub in riverside with a price range of more than £ 30 and a high customer rating . it is not children friendly . located near café sicilia .
the vaults is a pub providing indian food in the less than £ 20 price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near raja indian cuisine . its customer rating is low .
the punter is an indian restaurant with a moderate price range . it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is kid friendly near the express by holiday inn in the city centre .
the phoenix is a family friendly restaurant located in city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the cricketers is a restaurant providing english food . it is located near café rouge .
the mill is a family friendly restaurant located in the city centre near café rouge with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . it has a moderate price range .
the waterman is a pub providing indian food in the more than £ 30 price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near raja indian cuisine .
the cricketers is a kid friendly chinese restaurant located in the riverside area near all bar one . it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the phoenix is a french pub located in the city centre near the crowne plaza hotel . it is not family - friendly
the plough is a pub providing chinese food in the cheap price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near raja indian cuisine .
the waterman is a pub providing italian food in the high price range . it is not children friendly near raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix is a french pub in riverside with a price range of more than £ 30 . it is not children friendly , is located near the crowne plaza hotel .
the cricketers is a three star coffee shop that is family friendly . it is located near café sicilia .
the phoenix is a pub providing sushi in the high price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near crowne plaza hotel . its customer rating is low .
the cricketers is a chinese restaurant with a moderate price range . it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is not kid friendly . located in the city centre near all bar one .
the phoenix is a restaurant providing indian food in the £ 20 - 25 price range . it is located in the riverside area near crowne plaza hotel . not kids friendly .
the punter is a non family friendly indian restaurant located in riverside near express by holiday inn . it has an average customer rating
cocum is a coffee shop providing take - away deliveries in the low price range . it is located near café sicilia . its customer rating is low .
the mill is a kid friendly pub serving fast food in the city centre near café sicilia . it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
the waterman is a moderately priced indian restaurant located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix is a fast food restaurant located in riverside near raja indian cuisine .
the mill is a restaurant providing english food in the low price range . it is located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . not family - friendly .
wildwood is a pub that serves french food in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a kid friendly pub with a moderate price range . it is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the mill is a high - priced pub located near café sicilia .
the punter is an indian restaurant with a high price range and an average customer rating in the riverside area near express by holiday inn . it is children friendly .
the phoenix is a french pub in the £ 20 - 25 price range . it has a high customer rating and is not kid friendly . it is located near the crowne plaza hotel .
the mill is a moderately priced pub serving fast food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . it is located in the riverside area near café sicilia .
the punter is a restaurant providing indian food in the moderate price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near express by holiday inn . its customer rating is 3 out of 5 .
the phoenix is a restaurant providing indian food in the £ 20 - 25 price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near crowne plaza hotel . its customer rating is high .
the phoenix is a coffee shop and indian restaurant located in city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix is a fast food restaurant in the riverside area with a price range of less than £ 20 and is family friendly near raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix is a pub providing french food in the low price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near crowne plaza hotel .
the wrestlers is a japanese restaurant with a cheap price range . it is located in riverside near raja indian cuisine and is family friendly .
the mill is a moderately priced english restaurant that has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . it is in the riverside area near café rouge and is kid friendly .
the vaults is a coffee shop providing french food in the more than £ 30 price range . it is located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine and is children friendly .
the mill is an english restaurant with a high price range and an average customer rating in the riverside area near café rouge . it is children friendly .
blue spice is a chinese restaurant located in the city centre near the rainbow vegetarian café .
the mill is a family friendly pub located in the city centre near café sicilia with a low customer rating and a high price range .
the phoenix is a non family friendly restaurant with a price range of less than £ 20 . it is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine .
giraffe is a family - friendly fast food restaurant located in the city centre near the rainbow vegetarian café .
the waterman is a family - friendly pub serving italian food in the city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the punter is a pub that provides chinese food in the less than £ 20 price range . it is located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine and is not family friendly .
green man is a pub near all bar one . it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5
the waterman is an italian restaurant located in riverside near raja indian cuisine with a price range of £ 20 - 25 .
the punter is located in riverside near express by holiday inn . it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is not kid friendly .
the phoenix is a cheap fast food restaurant located in the riverside area . it is near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a family friendly pub located near rainbow vegetarian café with an average customer rating
the vaults is a japanese pub with a high price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5 in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . it is children friendly .
the phoenix is a cheap indian restaurant that has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 . it is located in the city centre near crowne plaza hotel and is not family friendly .
the cricketers is a coffee shop located near avalon . it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5
the punter is a restaurant providing indian food in the less than £ 20 price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near express by holiday inn .
the plough is a restaurant providing chinese food in the £ 20 - £ 25 price range . it is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine .
green man is a family friendly restaurant near express by holiday inn .
the waterman is a restaurant providing indian food in the high price range . it is located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine and is children friendly .
the punter is a pub that serves chinese food near raja indian cuisine . it is not family friendly
the vaults is a french restaurant located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . it is not child friendly
the phoenix is a pub providing french food . it is located in riverside near crowne plaza hotel .
the vaults is a kid friendly japanese pub with a price range of £ 20 - 25 and a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . it is located in the riverside area near rainbow vegetarian café .
the punter is a chinese restaurant with a moderate price range . it is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine and is not kid friendly .
the vaults is a restaurant providing indian food in the more than £ 30 price range . it is near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is an italian pub in the riverside area with a cheap price range and a low customer rating of 1 out of 5 . it is family friendly .
blue spice is a non - family - friendly restaurant in the riverside area . it is near the rainbow vegetarian café .
the phoenix is a 3 star pub near the crowne plaza hotel in the city centre . it serves wine , cheese , and fruit at low prices .
the mill is a kid friendly indian restaurant with a moderate price range . it is located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .
the punter is a restaurant providing english food in the high price range . it is located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine and is not children friendly .
the punter is an italian pub with a high price range and an average customer rating near the rainbow vegetarian café in the city centre . it is not children friendly .

<<CAND>>[e2e.new.hmm_no_ag]
the vaults is a japanese pub that is kid friendly with a price range of £ 20 - 25 . it is located in the city centre and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . it is a great place to eat there . the vaults . the vaults you can find it 's near the rainbow vegetarian café .
the vaults is a restaurant that is kid friendly and serves indian food . it is in the riverside area and is near raja indian cuisine .
the cricketers is a chinese restaurant that has a price range of less than £ 20 . it has a low customer rating , is not family friendly , and is located near the portland arms and is in the city centre . you can find it low customer ratings for the cricketers . but is not so please pay us to eat there . the city center . so please .
the cricketers is a chinese restaurant with an average customer rating . it is not a family - friendly restaurant . its customer rating is average . they are located near all bar one . you will find
the phoenix is a fast food restaurant that is children friendly , has a high price range , is located in the city centre and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . it is not a place to eat there . there is a place and it is near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a pub that serves japanese food . it is located in the city centre and has a price range of less than £ 20 . they are near raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix is a pub that serves french food . it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is located in the city centre . they are near the crowne plaza hotel .
the wrestlers is a mid - priced pub that is family friendly and serves italian food .
the vaults is a pub that serves indian food in the £ 20 - 25 price range . it is located in the riverside area and has a high customer rating . this is not a kid friendly establishment . the vaults offers food at a price range of around £ 25 . you can find it is not kid - 25 per head to eat - 25 . located near café sicilia . the vaults . and is near raja indian cuisine .
the cricketers is a coffee shop located near café sicilia . it has an average customer rating and is not family - friendly .
the phoenix is a pub that is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . the price range is moderate . it is located in the riverside area . they are near café sicilia .
blue spice is a mid - priced pub that is family friendly and serves british food . it is located near the rainbow vegetarian café .
the punter is a restaurant providing english food in the high price range , it is located in the area of riverside with a children friendly atmosphere . its customer rating is high . it is a and it is near the raja indian cuisine is also near the sorrento . so children friendly .
the phoenix is a pub that is not kid friendly . they serve french food and have a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . it is located in the riverside area and near café sicilia .
the punter is a pub that serves moderately priced chinese food . it is located in the riverside area and is kid friendly . they are near raja indian cuisine .
the mill is a restaurant providing english food in the less than £ 20 price range . it is located in the city center . its customer rating is low . . there is no public house . they are near café rouge .
the phoenix is a pub that is not family friendly and has a price range of less than £ 20 . it is located in the city centre and near raja indian cuisine .
the mill is a high - priced restaurant that is family - friendly . it has a five - star rating and is located near the river . the café rouge .
the mill is a pub that serves fast food in the moderate price range . it is located in the riverside area near the sorrento and is not kid friendly . customer rating : 1 out 5 . this is a great place to eat there is a fast food place to take your friends , so you can find it . the mill .
the punter is a cheap italian restaurant that is not family - friendly , has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 , is located near café sicilia and is in the riverside area . it is not a family friendly restaurant . you can find it called the punter . customer rating for a cheap . you can eat type of the name of the punter , however . the punter for adults only it near rainbow vegetarian café . the portland arms .
the phoenix is a pub providing fast food in the less than £ 20 price range , it is located in the city centre and has a low customer rating . it is not a place for kids and is near the best place . the raja indian cuisine .
the cricketers is a restaurant providing indian food in the cheap price range . it is located in the city centre . its customer rating is low . no it is friendly to families with children . it is called the cricketers . the cricketers it . and it is near all bar one .
the phoenix is a high priced fast food restaurant that is not children friendly and is located near the center of the city . it is near raja indian cuisine and has a high price range .
the punter is a restaurant that serves indian food . it is located in the city centre and near express by holiday inn .
green man is a japanese restaurant that is not family - friendly and has a price range of £ 20 - £ 25 and is located in the city centre . it is near the express by holiday inn .
the wrestlers is an indian restaurant that is family friendly and is in the riverside area . it is near raja indian cuisine .
the punter is a pub that serves english food . it is located in the city centre and near raja indian cuisine .
the mill is a restaurant that serves english food in the moderate price range . it is located in the city centre and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . yes , it is kids - friendly . its name is the mill . they are located near café rouge .
the cricketers is a coffee shop that provides chinese food in the cheap price range . its customer rating is 5 out of 5 . it is located in the riverside . they are near all bar one .
giraffe is a restaurant located near the rainbow vegetarian café . it is not family - friendly and is in the riverside area .
the phoenix is a pub that serves fast food with a price range of more than £ 30 , it has a high customer rating , is located in the city centre and is not a place to eat with a very good place to go to eat . but it s not too expensive place to take your kids . it is called the phoenix . and it is near café sicilia . but [SEP] [CLS] [CLS] [CLS] [SEP] [CLS] [CLS] [CLS] [CLS] [CLS] [SEP] [SEP] [CLS] [SEP] [CLS] [SEP] [SEP] [CLS] [SEP] [CLS] [SEP] [SEP] [SEP] [SEP] [SEP] [CLS] [CLS] [SEP] [SEP] [unused2] [CLS] [CLS] [CLS] [CLS]
the vaults is a pub providing indian food in the less than £ 20 price range . its customer rating is low . it is located in the city centre . they are near raja indian cuisine .
the punter is an indian restaurant that has a moderate price range . it is kid friendly , and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 , is located near the café sicilia . this restaurant is not a place to be kid friendly place . and is in the city centre area . . you can find
the phoenix is an indian restaurant that is family friendly . it is located in the city centre and near raja indian cuisine .
the cricketers is a restaurant providing english food . it is located near café rouge .
the mill is a moderately priced restaurant located in the city centre near café rouge . it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . yes it is also kids - friendly . the mill serves fast food . the price range is moderate . they are located near the mill .
the waterman is a pub that provides indian food it is located in the riverside . its price range is more than £ 30 and it is near raja indian cuisine .
the cricketers is a restaurant that serves chinese food . it is located in the riverside area and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is children friendly . the cricketers can be found near all bar one .
the phoenix is a pub that is not family - friendly and serves french food . it is located in the city centre and near crowne plaza hotel .
the plough is a pub that provides chinese food it is located in the riverside . its price range is cheap and it is near raja indian cuisine .
the waterman is a pub that is not children friendly and serves italian food . it is located near raja indian cuisine and has a high price range .
the phoenix is a pub providing french food in the more than £ 30 price range , it is located in the city centre and has a customer rating of 1 out 5 . it is not a place to eat . children are not welcome . they are near crowne plaza hotel .
the cricketers is a three star coffee shop that is family friendly and serves sushi . it is located near café sicilia .
the phoenix is a pub providing take - away deliveries in the more than £ 30 price range . its customer rating is low . it is located in the riverside . they are near crowne plaza hotel .
the cricketers is a chinese restaurant that has a moderate price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . it is not kid friendly and is located near the portland arms . this place is not a kid friendly place . so you can find it in the cricketers in the city centre area of the city center . customer rating is not so you will be sure to go to be sure you will find it s not so much a city centre . but the cricketers .
the phoenix is an indian restaurant located in the riverside area with a price range of £ 20 - 25 and a customer rating of 3 out 5 . it is not a place for kids and is in the area of riverside . you can find it near the crowne plaza hotel .
the punter is a restaurant providing indian food in the £ 20 - £ 25 price range . it is located in the riverside . its customer rating is average . this restaurant is not children friendly . and it is near express by holiday inn .
cocum is a coffee shop located near café sicilia . it has a low customer rating
the mill is a pub that is kid friendly and serves fast food . it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is located in the city centre . they are near café sicilia .
the waterman is a restaurant providing indian food it is located in the city centre . its price range is moderate . they are near raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix is a restaurant providing fast food . it is located in riverside and near raja indian cuisine .
the mill is a restaurant providing english food in the less than £ 20 price range , it is located in the riverside . its customer rating is low . it is not a family - friendly restaurant . the mill . they are near raja indian cuisine .
wildwood is a pub providing french food . it is located in riverside and near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a pub that is kid friendly and moderately priced . it is located in the city centre and near raja indian cuisine .
the mill is a pub providing fast - food in the high price range . it is near café sicilia .
the punter is an indian restaurant that is children friendly with a high price range and a customer rating of 3 out 5 . it is located near café sicilia . the punter has an average customer rating and is located in the riverside area . the high price bracket of £ 30 . children are not a children - 25 . the name of the punter . children friendly . price range . you can find it is a restaurant is a favorite . they are located near to the punter , near the riverside , they serve
the phoenix is a pub that serves french food . it has a high customer rating and is not kid friendly . the price range is £ 20 - 25 . they are located near the crowne plaza hotel .
the mill is a pub type restaurant that serves fast food in the moderate price range . it is located in the riverside area and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . they are located near the café sicilia . this is a fast food restaurant is called the mill . and is not a pub .
the punter is a restaurant providing indian food in the moderate price range . its customer rating is 1 out of 5 . it is located in the city centre . they are near express by holiday inn . yes .
the phoenix is a restaurant providing indian food in the £ 20 - 25 price range . it is located in the city centre . its customer rating is high . kids are not permitted . about £ 25 . it . they are near crowne plaza hotel .
the phoenix is a coffee shop that serves indian food in the city centre . it is near the raja indian cuisine and is in the higher price range .
the phoenix is a restaurant providing fast food in the less than £ 20 price range , it is located in the city centre and has a low customer rating . it is not a family - friendly place . the restaurant is near raja indian cuisine . so you can find
the phoenix is a pub providing french food . it is located in the riverside . the price range is less than £ 20 and it is near the crowne plaza hotel .
the wrestlers is a cheap japanese restaurant that is family - friendly . it is located in riverside and has a customer rating of 3 out 5 . the wrestlers offers and is near raja indian cuisine .
the mill is a restaurant providing english food in the moderate price range . it is located in the riverside . its customer rating is 3 out of 5 . yes it is also kids friendly . kids are welcome . there . they are near café rouge .
the vaults is a coffee shop that serves french food in the more than £ 30 price range . it is children friendly and is located in the riverside area . the coffee shop is near raja indian cuisine . its customer rating is high .
the mill is an english restaurant that is children friendly with a high price range . it is located in the riverside area and has an average customer rating . its prices are between £ 20 - £ 25 . children are welcome . there . they are located near café rouge .
blue spice is a restaurant that serves chinese food . it is located in the city centre and near the rainbow vegetarian café .
the mill is a pub that is children friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . the price range is high . it is located in the city centre . they are near café sicilia .
the phoenix is an indian restaurant that is not family friendly and has a price range of less than £ 20 . it is located in the city centre . they are near raja indian cuisine .
giraffe is a family friendly fast food restaurant in the center of the city . it is a great place to go with your family and friends and family . near the rainbow vegetarian café . giraffe is so you can find
the waterman is a pub that is family - friendly and serves italian food . it is located in the city centre and near raja indian cuisine .
the punter is a pub that provides chinese food in the less than £ 20 price range , it is near the portland arms and is not family friendly . it is located in the riverside area . its customer rating is not a family friendly establishment . this is low .
green man is a pub located near all bar one . it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5
the waterman is a restaurant providing italian food . it is located in the riverside . the price range is £ 20 - 25 and it is near raja indian cuisine .
the punter is located in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn . it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is in the £ 20 - £ 25 price range . they are not kid friendly .
the phoenix is a restaurant providing fast food . it is located in riverside . the price range is less than £ 20 and it is near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a pub that is family friendly and has an average customer rating . it is near rainbow vegetarian café .
the vaults is a pub that serves japanese food . it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is located in the riverside area . they are near raja indian cuisine and are children friendly .
the phoenix is a cheap indian restaurant that is not family friendly , and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 , is located in the city centre . it is not a place to eat there . they are not a family - friendly restaurant . the phoenix . and is near the crowne plaza hotel .
the cricketers is a coffee shop located near avalon . it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5
the punter is a restaurant providing indian food it is located in the riverside . its price range is less than £ 20 . they are near express by holiday inn .
the plough is a restaurant providing chinese food in the £ 20 - £ 25 price range . it is located in the city centre . is near raja indian cuisine .
green man is a medium priced restaurant that is family friendly . it is located near express by holiday inn .
the waterman is an indian restaurant that is children friendly in the high price range . it is located in the riverside area and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . they are near the raja indian cuisine . yes .
the punter is a pub that serves chinese food for less than £ 20 . it is near raja indian cuisine and is not family friendly .
the vaults is a restaurant that serves french food for less than £ 20 . it is located in the riverside area and is near raja indian cuisine . this is not family - friendly .
the phoenix is a pub providing french food . it is located in riverside and near crowne plaza hotel .
the vaults is a japanese pub that is kid friendly with a price range of £ 20 - 25 . it is located in riverside and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . you can find it in the pub . the vaults . you 'll find it near the rainbow vegetarian café .
the punter is a chinese restaurant that has a moderate price range , is not kid friendly , and is located near the portland arms in the city centre . it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . its prices are between £ 20 - 25 . they are in the punter . the punter are near the city center . this restaurant .
the vaults is a restaurant providing indian food in the more than £ 30 price range . it is near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a pub providing italian food in the low price range . it is located in the riverside . its customer rating is 1 out of 5 and it is also family friendly . the vaults serves food at a low price . you can find it near rainbow vegetarian café .
blue spice is a mid - priced restaurant that is not family - friendly . it is located in the riverside area . the restaurant is near the rainbow vegetarian café .
the phoenix is a three star pub located near the crowne plaza hotel in the city centre . it serves pasta and is for the whole family . the prices are low . you can find it on the river .
the mill is an indian restaurant that is kid friendly and has a moderate price range . it is located in the riverside area . near raja indian cuisine .
the punter is an english restaurant that is not children friendly with a high price range near the bakers . it is not a child friendly restaurant . they are located in the riverside area . our customer rating is high . you can find it near raja indian cuisine .
the punter is an italian pub that has a high price range . it is not children friendly and has an average customer rating . they are located in the city centre . you can find it near the rainbow vegetarian café . the punter . there . you will find the punter the punter

<<CAND>>[e2e.new.hmm_no_od]
the vaults is a kid friendly pub near the rainbow vegetarian café . it serves japanese food and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . the price range is £ 20 - 25 .
the vaults is a family friendly indian restaurant in the riverside area . it is near raja indian cuisine .
located in the city centre , the cricketers is a family friendly chinese restaurant with a price range of less than £ 20 . it has a low customer rating .
the cricketers is a chinese restaurant that is not family friendly and is near all bar one . it has an average customer rating .
the phoenix is a high priced , child friendly fast food restaurant in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it is not a place .
the vaults is a pub near raja indian cuisine in the city centre with a price range of less than £ 20 . it serves japanese food and is not family - friendly .
located in the city centre , the phoenix is a french pub with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 . it is near the crowne plaza hotel .
the wrestlers is a family friendly italian pub .
the vaults serves japanese food in the riverside area . it is near raja indian cuisine , is not kid friendly , has a high customer rating and a price range of £ 20 - 25 .
the cricketers is a non family - friendly coffee shop located near café sicilia with an average customer rating .
the phoenix has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is moderately priced in the riverside area near café sicilia . it is a kid friendly pub .
blue spice is a family friendly pub near the rainbow vegetarian café . it serves english food
in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine is the punter . it is a high priced , child friendly restaurant with english food and is near the riverside . its name is
located near café sicilia in the riverside area , the phoenix is a french pub with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . it is not kid friendly . the price range is £ 20 - £ 25 .
the punter is a chinese pub located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine with a moderate price range . it is kids friendly .
the mill is located in the city centre near café rouge . it has a price range of less than £ 20 and is a restaurant that serves english food .
the phoenix is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it has a price range of less than £ 20 and is a pub that is not family friendly .
the mill is a five star restaurant near café rouge . it is expensive and family friendly .
the mill is a moderately priced , kid friendly pub in riverside near café sicilia . it serves fast food .
the punter is a cheap italian restaurant in the riverside area . it is not a family - friendly restaurant with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 . they are near rainbow vegetarian café .
the phoenix is a family friendly pub located in the riverside area . the price range is less than £ 20 and it is near raja indian cuisine . it serves fast food .
the cricketers is located in the city centre . it provides chinese food in the cheap price range . its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
the phoenix is a high priced indian restaurant near raja indian cuisine in the city . it is not child friendly .
the punter is a restaurant providing indian food in the £ 20 - £ 25 price range . it is located in the city centre near express by holiday inn .
green man is located in the city centre near express by holiday inn . it serves japanese food and is not child friendly .
the wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area .
the punter is a pub providing english food . it is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the mill is an english restaurant in the city centre near café rouge . it is moderately priced and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
the cricketers is a cheap chinese food place with a 5 out of 5 rating near all bar one . it is located in the riverside area . this coffee shop is not open to children .
giraffe is a restaurant near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area . it is not family - friendly
the phoenix has a high customer rating and a price range of more than £ 30 . it is a fast food pub in the riverside area near café sicilia .
the vaults is located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it is in the less than £ 20 price range and is a pub with a low customer rating .
the punter is an indian restaurant near the express by holiday inn in the city centre . it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is kid friendly with a moderate price range .
the phoenix is a family friendly indian restaurant in the city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the cricketers is an english restaurant near café rouge .
located in the city centre near café rouge , the mill is a moderately priced restaurant with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . it is also kid friendly .
the waterman is located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine . it is a pub with a price range of more than £ 30 that serves indian food .
located in the riverside area near all bar one , the cricketers is a child friendly chinese restaurant that has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the phoenix is a french pub in the city centre . it is not family - friendly and is near the crowne plaza hotel .
the plough is a pub providing chinese food in the cheap price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near raja indian cuisine .
the waterman is a non - children friendly italian pub located near raja indian cuisine in the high price range .
the phoenix is a non - children friendly french pub in the riverside area . it has a price range of more than £ 30 and is near the crowne plaza hotel .
the cricketers is a three star coffee shop that is family friendly . it is located near café sicilia .
the phoenix is located in the riverside area near the crowne plaza hotel . it is a pub providing take - away deliveries in the more than £ 30 price range . its customer rating is low .
the cricketers is a chinese restaurant in the city centre near all bar one with a moderate price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . it is not a kid friendly establishment . this restaurant is called the cricketers .
near the crowne plaza hotel in the riverside area is the phoenix . it is an indian restaurant with a price range of £ 20 - £ 25 , is not a kid friendly restaurant that is rated highly by customers .
the punter is not child friendly and is located in the riverside area near the express by holiday inn . it is a restaurant that has an average customer rating and serves indian food .
cocum is a low rated coffee shop near café sicilia .
the mill is a pub with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . it is kid friendly and is located in the city centre near café sicilia . they serve fast food .
the waterman is an indian restaurant in the city centre near raja indian cuisine . it has a moderate price range and is not friendly .
the phoenix is a restaurant providing fast food in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .
the mill is a coffee shop near raja indian cuisine in riverside . it serves english food and is not family friendly . the price range is less than £ 20 .
wildwood serves french food for less than £ 20 . it is a pub in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .
the wrestlers is a family friendly pub in the city centre . it has a moderate price range and is near raja indian cuisine .
the mill is a high priced pub near café sicilia .
the punter is a children friendly indian restaurant in the riverside area . it is near the express by holiday inn , has an average customer rating , and is in the high price range . the punter has a bad children friendly atmosphere . this restaurant .
the phoenix is a french pub with a price range of £ 20 - 25 . it is located near crowne plaza hotel , is not kid friendly and has a high customer rating .
the mill is a pub type fast food restaurant located in riverside near café sicilia with a moderate price range . it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the punter is located in the city centre near the express by holiday inn . it is an indian restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and a moderate price range .
the phoenix is located in the city centre near the crowne plaza hotel . it provides indian food in the £ 20 - 25 price range . its customer rating is high .
the phoenix is a coffee shop that serves indian food in the city centre near raja indian cuisine .
located in the riverside area , the phoenix is a fast food restaurant with a price range of less than £ 20 . it is a family friendly restaurant near raja indian cuisine called the phoenix .
the phoenix is a pub in the riverside area near crowne plaza hotel . it serves french food for less than £ 20 .
located near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area , the wrestlers is a family friendly and cheap japanese restaurant . it is not a place .
the mill is an english food restaurant in the riverside area . it is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . it is near café rouge . the price range is moderate .
the vaults is a children friendly coffee shop in the riverside area . it is near raja indian cuisine and serves french food in the more than £ 30 price range .
located near café rouge in the riverside area , the mill is a restaurant with an average customer rating and a high price range . it serves english food .
blue spice is a chinese restaurant in the city centre . it is near the rainbow vegetarian café .
the mill is a pub with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . it is child friendly and located in the city centre near café sicilia with a high price range .
in the city centre near raja indian cuisine is a cheap indian restaurant called the phoenix . it is not family friendly .
located in the city centre , giraffe is a family - friendly fast food restaurant near the rainbow vegetarian café . it has a customer rating of 1 out 5 .
the waterman is a family - friendly italian pub located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine .
the punter is a chinese pub in the less than £ 20 price range near raja indian cuisine in the riverside area . it is not family friendly .
green man is a pub near all bar one . it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5
the waterman is located in riverside near raja indian cuisine . it serves italian food and is a kid friendly restaurant with a price range of £ 20 - 25 .
the punter is located in the riverside area near express by holiday inn . it is not kid friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
the phoenix is an indian restaurant in riverside near raja indian cuisine . it has a price range of less than £ 20 and is not family - friendly .
the vaults is a family friendly pub located near rainbow vegetarian café with an average customer rating
with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 , the vaults is a japanese pub located in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine with a high price range . it is child friendly .
the phoenix is located in the city centre near the crowne plaza hotel . it is a cheap indian restaurant with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 . this restaurant is not a family friendly restaurant . you can find it
the cricketers is a coffee shop near avalon . it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5
the punter provides indian food in the less than £ 20 price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near express by holiday inn . its customer rating is low .
located in the city centre near raja indian cuisine , the plough is a chinese restaurant
the green man is a family friendly restaurant near the express by holiday inn .
the waterman is an indian restaurant in the high price range in the riverside area . it is children friendly and is near raja indian cuisine .
the punter is not family friendly and serves chinese food . it is a pub near raja indian cuisine
the vaults is a french restaurant that is not family - friendly and is in the riverside area near raja indian cuisine .
the phoenix serves french food in the riverside area near crowne plaza hotel . it is a pub
the vaults is a japanese pub with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . it is kid friendly with a price range of £ 20 - 25 located in the riverside area . this pub is near the rainbow vegetarian café . the vaults serves japanese food .
the punter is a chinese food restaurant located in the city centre . it has a moderate price range and is not kid friendly .
the vaults is a restaurant providing indian food in the more than £ 30 price range . it is near raja indian cuisine .
the vaults is a pub with a low customer rating that is family friendly near rainbow vegetarian café and serves italian food at a low price range in the riverside area .
blue spice is a non - family - friendly establishment located near the rainbow vegetarian café in the riverside area .
the phoenix is a three - star pub near the crowne plaza hotel . it offers a variety of food and drinks at low prices . families are welcome .
the mill is a moderately priced indian restaurant in riverside near raja indian cuisine . it is kid friendly .
the punter is a non children friendly english restaurant located in riverside near raja indian cuisine . it has a high price range .
the punter has a high price range and an average customer rating . it is a non children friendly pub serving italian food near rainbow vegetarian café in the city centre .

